
            RELEASE NOTE on December 2018 for MSM-T01.2

This package is a limited-area atmospheric model written in FORTRAN code
and associated Linux script. In addition to model itself, there are many
utility programs and geophysical-related fixed files for model preprocess
and post-process. This package has been evolved from original developed 
in National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) for operational
use to many customized packages. Since NCEP has been released it for 
public use, there is no restriction for any users to modify for any other
use without violating copyright issue. However, it can be copy-righted by
any further developers. And this package is named as MSM Tactical and it
will be asked to have copyright. And the developer has a serial of
staged versions from this package as MSM-T00, MSM-Tfx, MSM-Tmv, MSM-Tft, 
and MSM-T01, as an evolving from initial T00 version to T01 version. Since
this package is mainly doing mesoscale spectral modeling (MSM), thus it is 
called MSM Tactical. MSM-T00 is 00 version of MSM-T, and it is the initial 
version including original ideas of customer requirement, which has been
released on November 2016. MSM-Tfx is a fixed domain version for given 
domains as customer requires, which was released on March 2017. MSM-Tmv is a
movable domain during integration, which was released on June 2017. MSM-Tft
is a fine tuned of the fixed domain and fine resolution fixed domain version,
which requires very fine resolution of terrain, and it was released on 
September 2017. MSM-T01 is a finalized version for this package as the
current released package to customer. And two maintenance versions are called 
MSM-T01.1 and MSM-T01.2.

In this release, there are two directories called sys/ and usr/. The sys/
is an entire collection of source codes, scripts, and data for model to do
preprocessing, model integration, and post-processing. The usr/ is a user
experimental design and integral place, which can be copies to each user
for his/her own use. Each directory has ReadMe file which contains all the
information for system and individual users to proceed. This package is
required to be installed once before users can do any modeling integration.
To install the system, go to sys/ and check into README_sys under sys/, 
follow the instruction in the installation section in README_sys. Again,
installation is this system configuratio, only once. After installation, 
go to usr/ and follow README_usr to do modeling.

This maintenabce 1 version (MSM-T01.2) is the same as MSM-T01.1 with an 
addition bugs fixed to postprocessor, and a physics temperature changes
to hydrostatic and nonhydrostatic with a fix to MSLP of typhoon.
